Add relnotes for JavaScript May 2020 release (#1281)
Azure/azure-sdk: releases/2020-05/js.md

### Core libraries

- `@azure/core-tracing`
  - [BREAKING] Migrate to OpenTelemetry 0.6 using the new `@opentelemetry/api` package. There were a few breaking changes:
    - `SpanContext` now requires traceFlags to be set.
    - `Tracer` has removed `recordSpanData`, `getBinaryFormat`, and `getHttpTextFormat`.
    - `Tracer.getCurrentSpan` returns `undefined` instead of `null` when unset.
    - `Link` objects renamed `spanContext` property to `context`.
- `@azure/core-auth`
  - Removed the below interfaces from the public API of this package as they are defined elsewhere.
    - OperationOptions
    - OperationRequestOptions
    - OperationTracingOptions
    - AbortSignalLike
- `@azure/core-http`
  - Added support for `text/plain` endpoints.
  - Updated to use OpenTelemetry 0.6 via `@azure/core-tracing`.
- `@azure/core-amqp`
  - Added compatiblity with TypeScript versions 3.1 through 3.6+.
  - Added a new method `refreshConnection()` on the `ConnectionContextBase` to replace the `connection` property on it with a new rhea-promise `Connection` object.
- `@azure/core-lro` - Moved `@opentelemetry/types` to the `devDependencies`.

### Event Hubs

> - Updated `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` to allow sending an array of events
> - Improved performance of `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method

Reviewer: Nit: add missing periods, otherwise looks good!
```suggestion
- Updated `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` to allow sending an array of events.
- Improved performance of `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method.
```

### Azure Identity

- [TODO]

### Cognitive Search

- [TODO]

### Form Recognizer

- Fixed an issue in reference docs.

### Service Bus

> - [TODO]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7.0.0-preview.2

- send() can now send an array of messages which will transparently batch and send them to Service Bus
- Message settlement can now use the management link, allowing for settlement even when the original receiver has been closed
- New sample to demonstrate how to round-robin sessions in a queue or subscription
```

CC: @chradek (got anything you'd like to mention?) , @HarshaNalluru

Author: missing periods I guess

    - `SpanContext` now requires traceFlags to be set.
    - `Tracer` has removed `recordSpanData`, `getBinaryFormat`, and `getHttpTextFormat`.
    - `Tracer.getCurrentSpan` returns `undefined` instead of `null` when unset.
    - `Link` objects renamed `spanContext` property to `context`.
- `@azure/core-auth`
  - Removed the below interfaces from the public API of this package as they are defined elsewhere.
    - OperationOptions
    - OperationRequestOptions
    - OperationTracingOptions
    - AbortSignalLike
- `@azure/core-http`
  - Added support for `text/plain` endpoints.
  - Updated to use OpenTelemetry 0.6 via `@azure/core-tracing`.
- `@azure/core-amqp`
  - Added compatiblity with TypeScript versions 3.1 through 3.6+.
  - Added a new method `refreshConnection()` on the `ConnectionContextBase` to replace the `connection` property on it with a new rhea-promise `Connection` object.
- `@azure/core-lro` - Moved `@opentelemetry/types` to the `devDependencies`.

### Event Hubs

- Updated `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` to allow sending an array of events.
- Improved performance of `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method.

### Azure Identity

> - [TODO]

Author: ```suggestion
- This release contains bug fixes to environment variables and quality of service improvements.
```

- New preview of Azure Cognitive Form Recognizer
- New preview of Azure Service Bus

## Installation Instructions
To install the packages, copy and paste the below into a terminal.

    $> npm install @azure/event-hubs
    $> npm install @azure/identity
    $> npm install @azure/search-documents
    $> npm install @azure/ai-form-recognizer
    $> npm install @azure/service-bus@next

## Feedback
If you have a bug or feature request for one of the libraries, please post an issue at the [azure-sdk-for-js repository](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues)

## Changelog

### Event Hubs

- The `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` method now has an overload that takes an array of events.
If you know beforehand that your events would fit under the message size restrictions, this is an easier way to send events instead of creating an `EventDataBatch` and filling it one by one.
- Improved efficiency of the `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method which will improve your send performance when adding many events to the batch.

### Cognitive Search

- Added support for Indexers API (Create, Get, List, etc.)
- Added support for Datasources API.(Create, Get, List, etc.)

### Form Recognizer

> We released a new `@azur/ai-form-recognizer` library in late April that supports the Form Recognizer Service v2.0-preview API. The previous `@azure/cognitiveservices-formrecognizer` library supports earlier service versions. This new version added support for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We released a new `@azure/ai-form-recognizer` library in late April that supports the Form Recognizer Service v2.0-preview API. The previous `@azure/cognitiveservices-formrecognizer` library supports earlier service versions. This new version added support for:
```

Reviewer 2: Upgrade to full Azure.

- Training custom form models

> - Listing/retriving/deleting existing models

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Listing/retrieving/deleting existing models
```

> - We released a new `@azur/ai-form-recognizer` library in late April that supports the Form Recognizer Service v2.0-preview API. The previous `@azure/cognitiveservices-formrecognizer` library supports earlier service versions. This new version added support for:
>   - Training custom form models
>   - Listing/retriving/deleting existing models
>   - Form content/layout recognition
>   - Custom form recognition
>   - USA receipt recognition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We released a new `@azur/ai-form-recognizer` library in late April that supports the Form Recognizer Service v2.0-preview API. The previous `@azure/cognitiveservices-formrecognizer` library supports earlier service versions. This new version added support for:
- Training custom form models
- Listing/retriving/deleting existing models
- Form content/layout recognition
- Custom form recognition
- USA receipt recognition.
```

### Service Bus

The second preview for Service Bus (7.0.0-preview.2) has the below improvements:

- The `ServiceBusSender.send()` method now has an overload that takes an array of events.
If you know beforehand that your messages would fit under the message size restrictions, this is an easier way to send events instead of creating an `ServiceBusMessageBatch` and filling it one by one.
- When not using sessions, messages can now be settled even after the receiver has been closed.

> - The `createSender`, `createReceiver` and `createSessionReceiver` methods are now async. The promise retuned by them are resolved after the link is successfully established with the service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `createSender` and `createSessionReceiver` methods are now async. The promise retuned by them are resolved after the link is successfully established with the service.
```

(we didn't get the change in for `createReceiver()`

## Changelog

### Core libraries

- Core libraries are now compatible with OpenTelemetry 0.6.

### Event Hubs

- The `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` method now has an overload that takes an array of events.
If you know beforehand that your events would fit under the message size restrictions, this is an easier way to send events instead of creating an `EventDataBatch` and filling it one by one.
- Improved efficiency of the `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method which will improve your send performance when adding many events to the batch.

### Cognitive Search

- Added support for Indexers API (Create, Get, List, etc.)
- Added support for Datasources API.(Create, Get, List, etc.)

### Form Recognizer

- We released a new `@azur/ai-form-recognizer` library in late April that supports the Form Recognizer Service v2.0-preview API. The previous `@azure/cognitiveservices-formrecognizer` library supports earlier service versions. This new version added support for:
  - Training custom form models
  - Listing/retriving/deleting existing models
  - Form content/layout recognition
  - Custom form recognition
  - USA receipt recognition.

### Service Bus

> 7.0.0-preview.2

Reviewer 3: Why is Service Bus the only one with the version number? Can we have a generic statement instead?

```suggestion
The second preview for Service Bus (7.0.0-preview.2) has the below improvements:
```

## Changelog

### Core libraries

- `@azure/core-tracing`
  - [BREAKING] Migrate to OpenTelemetry 0.6 using the new `@opentelemetry/api` package. There were a few breaking changes:
    - `SpanContext` now requires traceFlags to be set.
    - `Tracer` has removed `recordSpanData`, `getBinaryFormat`, and `getHttpTextFormat`.
    - `Tracer.getCurrentSpan` returns `undefined` instead of `null` when unset.
    - `Link` objects renamed `spanContext` property to `context`.
- `@azure/core-auth`
  - Removed the below interfaces from the public API of this package as they are defined elsewhere.
    - OperationOptions
    - OperationRequestOptions
    - OperationTracingOptions
    - AbortSignalLike
- `@azure/core-http`
  - Added support for `text/plain` endpoints.
  - Updated to use OpenTelemetry 0.6 via `@azure/core-tracing`.
- `@azure/core-amqp`
  - Added compatiblity with TypeScript versions 3.1 through 3.6+.
  - Added a new method `refreshConnection()` on the `ConnectionContextBase` to replace the `connection` property on it with a new rhea-promise `Connection` object.

> - `@azure/core-lro` - Moved `@opentelemetry/types` to the `devDependencies`.

Reviewer 3: We have simply copied over the contents of the changelog here. Since the links to the changelog get added to the bottom of the page, we don't need to this.

Other than the tracing update, none of the other changes here are [developer impacting changes](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_releasenotes.html#whats-a-developer-impacting-change)

Event for tracing, I would just keep the first line saying that we have migrated to the latest version of OpenTelemetry. The bullet points following that is important to library authors, not end users who would use the tracing feature.

Author: Thanks for the reminder! Yes core libraries rarely have directly impact to end users. I will skip core libraries change log unless there are end user visible changes.

Author: Which means removing entry for tracing as well

Author: core section removed

Reviewer 3: core-tracing does have developer impact assuming the developer is interested in tracing isnt it? cc @xirzec

Reviewer 4: I think a broad note that the libraries are now compatible with OpenTelemetry 0.6 would be helpful for anyone passing us Spans

Author: Thanks! I checked again. Yes some changes are breaking to end users, especially the api changes to Tracer.  Do we want list this one bullet point too?

Reviewer 4: That one I am less worried about. The expectation is that the user will pass us a Tracer implemented by OpenTelemetry, not implement their own.

Author: Sounds good.  Added back core section with a note

Reviewer 3: > Core libraries are now compatible with OpenTelemetry 0.6.

This still doesnt tell the user how this impacts them. Can we add a sentence on what we expect the user to do differently?

Author: If end users already use `OpenCensusSpanWrapper` then the api change would break them. However @xirzec  mentioned that it's not too concerning.  Jeff, I need your help here on the benefit that end users would have when they move to new versions of our libraries.

Reviewer 4: If they use the wrapper their life stays easy. If they want to manually propagate spans (so far nobody has done this in the wild) they can pass a span context to any client operation from their existing OT Span.

Reviewer 4: The benefit is really just if they are using the latest OpenTelemetry release they can easily set a Tracer to get instrumentation and also pass SpanContexts to any client operation.

Reviewer 3: Then maybe we skip the core section and add a bullet point in the individual libraries that

>The package is now compatible with OpenTelemetry 0.6 making it easier for you to use the latest OpenTelemetry release to set Tracer and pass SpanContexts.

Reviewer 3: > The package is now compatible with OpenTelemetry 0.6 making it easier for you to use the latest OpenTelemetry release to set Tracer and pass SpanContexts. Please note that OpenTelemetry and tracing as a feature is still in preview and the apis around it can break in future patch or minor updates.

Reviewer 4: nit `APIs` but otherwise is perfect!

Author: One bullet point under each library (which may look too repetitive), or add a `All Libraries` section at the beginning with this?

Reviewer 3: On the other hand, I feel like not mentioning anything about tracing at all, in the fear that it might encourage some enthusiastic readers to try it in production and our next minor update will happily go and break them

I talked to @xirzec and he agrees, so lets remove the core section altogether

Author: Updated

### Event Hubs

> - Updated `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` to allow sending an array of events.
> - Improved performance of `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method.

Reviewer 3: The text here should try to sell to the reader why they should bother to update to the latest version
Right now, these look very plain :(

```suggestion
- The `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` method now has an overload that takes an array of events.
If you know beforehand that your events would fit under the message size restrictions, this is an easier way to
send events instead of creating an `EventDataBatch` and filling it one by one.
- Improved efficiency of the `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method which will improve your send performance when adding with larger number of events to the batch.
```

cc @chradek to proof read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` method now has an overload that takes an array of events.
If you know beforehand that your events would fit under the message size restrictions, this is an easier way to send events instead of creating an `EventDataBatch` and filling it one by one.
- Improved efficiency of the `EventDataBatch.tryAdd()` method which will improve your send performance when adding many events to the batch.
```
Minor change on Ramya's wording, but I like the content here.
```
improve your send performance when adding with larger number of events to the batch.
```
to 
```
improve your send performance when adding many events to the batch.
```

Reviewer 4: `200% more awesome`

### Azure Identity

> - This release contains bug fixes to environment variables and quality of service improvements.

Reviewer 3: I would skip having a separate section for Identity if all it had was bug fixes. Also, we had both a patch update and a preview release. Both have only bug fixes?

Author: /cc @jonathandturner

Reviewer 5: I'm fine with skipping if there are only bugfixes. They can read the separate changelog if they want more information.

Author: Removed identity section

### Cognitive Search

- [TODO]

### Form Recognizer

> - Fixed an issue in reference docs.

Reviewer 3: This is the first release blog talking about Form Recognizer. Since we released in the middle of the month, last month's release notes does not capture this. So, for all means and purposes, this is the first time we are talking to readers about this. So, I would treat it as if we are releasing the first preview

Author: Yes, unfortunately it's not announced in April's relnotes.  I will move the content from my April PR here.

Author: Fixed

### Service Bus

7.0.0-preview.2

> - send() can now send an array of messages which will transparently batch and send them to Service Bus

Reviewer 3: We need to be consistent in how we refer to apis. For Event Hubs, we referred to `EventHubProducerClient.sendBatch()` and here we just say `send()`. Also, this sentence doesnt read right. It seems to be saying that the mesages will transaparently batch something, rather than the send() operation.

```suggestion
- The `ServiceBusSender.send()` method now has an overload that takes an array of events.
If you know beforehand that your messages would fit under the message size restrictions, this is an easier way to send events instead of creating an `ServiceBusMessageBatch` and filling it one by one.
```

cc @richardpark-msft for proof reading

> - Message settlement can now use the management link, allowing for settlement even when the original receiver has been closed

Reviewer 3: The user has no idea of what a "management link" is. It is an internal implementation detail.

```suggestion
- When not using sessions, messages can now be settled even after the receiver has been closed.
```

> - New sample to demonstrate how to round-robin sessions in a queue or subscription

Reviewer 3: What would one do when doing a round robin of sessions? We need to talk about the fact that this is about receiving messages. And we missed to talk about the api change to the create methods and the connection reliability work

```suggestion
- The `createSender`, `createReceiver` and `createSessionReceiver` methods are now async. The promise retuned by them are resolved after the link is successfully established with the service.
- New sample to demonstrate how to receive messages from multiple sessions in a queue or subscription using session receivers.
- Improved reliability of connection recovery and error reporting when receiving messages via the subscribe() method.
```

Reviewer 3: cc @richardpark-msft
